feat(react): added copy code functionality to `Code` component (#1608)
dequelabs/cauldron: docs/pages/components/Code.mdx

</Code>
```

### Allow Copy

Adds block with label and copy button that allows to copy code to clipboard.

```jsx example

> <Code allowCopy label="Click copy button">

Reviewer: Just give this something a little more descriptive:

```suggestion
<Code allowCopy label="Example Code Heading">
```

      type: 'boolean',
      default: 'false',
      description: 'Preserve the original markup, forcing the component to scroll when it overflows.'
    },
    {
      name: 'label',
      type: 'React.ContentNode',

>       description: 'Label for the copy button'

Reviewer: This is actually the label for the heading and not the button. The button's name gets set via `CopyButtonProps`

```suggestion
      description: 'Label for the code heading'
```

    },
    {
      name: 'copyButtonProps',
      type: 'React.ComponentProps<CopyButton>',
      description: 'Properties to be applied to CopyButton'
    },
    {
      name: 'allowCopy',
      type: 'boolean',
      default: 'false',

>       description: 'Allows to add bloc with CopyButton and label, that copies code to the clipboard.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: 'Prop to add CopyButton that copies code to the clipboard.'
```
